politics	The Republican National Committee is considering sanctioning the GOP presidential primary debates and then selling the broadcast rights to news outlets, two Republicans with knowledge of the idea tell CNN. The Republican National Committee is considering sanctioning the GOP presidential primary debates and then selling the broadcast rights to news outlets, two Republicans with knowledge of the idea tell CNN. The proposal was mentioned last week during a meeting of top RNC officials and a handful of political operatives representing potential GOP presidential candidates. In February, the RNC disclosed it was saddled with more than $22 million of debt left over from the 2010 midterm elections. At that time, newly elected Chairman Reince Priebus acknowledged the committee has "a lot of work to do" to pay off its obligations so it can focus on raising money for the 2012 presidential election.
politics	

politics	House Budget Chairman Paul Ryan, R-Wisconsin, will unveil a highly anticipated 2012 Republican budget next week that proposes dramatic changes to political lightning rods -- entitlements. House Budget Chairman Paul Ryan, R-Wisconsin, will unveil a highly anticipated 2012 Republican budget next week that proposes dramatic changes to political lightning rods: entitlements. The plan, to be released Tuesday, calls for a controversial overhaul of Medicare, the health care program for seniors, and imposes deep cuts in Medicaid, which provides health benefits to low-income Americans, according to House Republican sources with knowledge of the proposal.

politics	
politics	Obama announces re-election bid President Obama launched his bid for re-election early today with a short video on BarackObama.com. With a short video on BarackObama.com, the sitting president of the United States has launched his bid for re-election. Using what apparently will be one of his campaign slogans, "It begins with us," the campaign has told supporters that the kickoff of the campaign has started and that means the race for contributions is on. The familiar-looking blue "O" over red and white stripes is back again for 2012. And at the bottom of the website, the candidates' names are clearly identified: OBAMA-BIDEN -- for Vice President Joe Biden
crime	Phony Rockefeller charged in slaying A man who gained international notoriety when he kidnapped his daughter while leading a double life impersonating a member of the moneyed Rockefeller clan has been charged with murder in Los Angeles. A man who gained international notoriety when he kidnapped his daughter while leading a double life impersonating a member of the moneyed Rockefeller clan has been charged with murder in Los Angeles. Prosecutors filed a criminal complaint Tuesday alleging a single murder count against Christian Karl Gerhartsreiter.
crime	A suspect accused of killing a Georgia police officer and wounding another one has surrendered to authorities after a hostage standoff Friday night. A suspect accused of killing a Georgia police officer and wounding another one surrendered to authorities after a hostage standoff Friday night. The incident was shown live on television as officers arrested suspect Jamie Donnell Hood in Athens, Georgia. Hood, who was shirtless, emerged from the home a little after 11 p.m. with people whom authorities said he had held hostage. SWAT officers descended on Hood, ending the saga that had lasted four days. Hood was being held without bond Saturday in the Hall County Detention Center, Captain Eric Pozen of the Clarke County Sheriff's Office said.
crime	Arrest in Colorado mall bomb attempt A man suspected of planting a bomb at a mall in Littleton, Colorado, on the 12th anniversary of the attack at Columbine High School was arrested Tuesday at a grocery store in Boulder, authorities said. A man suspected of planting a bomb at a mall in Littleton, Colorado, on the 12th anniversary of the attack at Columbine High School was arrested Tuesday at a grocery store in Boulder, authorities said. Earl Albert Moore was taken into custody at a King Soopers grocery store after customers and employees noticed a man they "deemed suspicious," Jefferson County Sheriff Ted Mink told reporters at an afternoon press briefing outside the Denver office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
war	Fighting battered the outskirts of the Libyan city of Misrata and shelling resounded in the besieged city's port Tuesday. Fighting battered the besieged seaside city of Misrata Tuesday as bombs -- presumably from NATO warplanes -- shook the ground after pro-government forces launched what rebel officials said was their most aggressive attack so far on the port. Shells detonated near a refugee camp in the port area, where thousands of migrants have been housed while they await ships to carry them to safety. Witnesses said three people were killed and several were wounded. A Misrata port security officer told CNN shelling on the wider Misrata port means that "refugees located between the steel port and the main port have been targeted."
war	Libyan city looks like a wasteland In the wake of what rebels describe as the heaviest shelling yet by pro-government forces on the port of Misrata, much of the western Libyan city appeared to be a wasteland Wednesday morning. Misrata, Libya (CNN) -- A NATO airstrike Wednesday on the seaside town of Misrata killed 11 rebel fighters and wounded two others, witnesses told a reporter, who saw the bodies. Angry survivors told Marie Colvin of The Sunday Times that they and the victims were on the coast, east of a steel plant, when a NATO plane bombed them. There were no other planes in the sky, the survivors said. NATO spokesman Eric Povel said he knew nothing about the report and would likely not learn more for several hours.
war	Libyan government forces killed one person and wounded an undetermined number of others when they sought to re-enter the embattled port city of Misrata on Friday, a member of the Medical Committee of the Local Misrata Council said. The Libyan government vowed Friday to sink any ship approaching the besieged port city of Misrata, essentially threatening NATO patrols and humanitarian aid ships that have been bringing in food and medical supplies and ferrying out refugees and the wounded Libya's threat came hours after NATO said it intercepted Libyan  overnment forces laying mines in Misrata's harbor, which has been a lifeline for humanitarian aid in the months-long conflict between troops loyal to Moammar Gadhafi and rebels demanding an end to the dictator's four-decade rule. NATO-led forces began bombing regime targets in Libya last month after the U.N. Security Council approved a resolution authorizing any means necessary to protect civilians.
war	A few dozen tanks fired shells on Saturday in the restive Syrian city of Daraa, the site of ongoing clashes between security forces and protesters, eyewitnesses told CNN. The brutal crackdown in the restive Syrian city of Daraa persisted on Saturday, as security personnel surrounded, shelled and took control of a key mosque, residents told CNN. Soldiers and other security forces blanketed the area around the Omari mosque, the center of anti-government demonstrations in the city, according to two residents and two human rights activists outside Syria who are in touch with protesters there. In the eastern part of the city, dozens of government tanks fired shells as helicopters flew overhead and soldiers got into position on rooftops, residents said.

